---
title: InputControlsClassName
second_title: GroupDocs.Editor for .NET API Reference
description: Allows to specify a class name which will be placed to the class attributes in every HTML element that represents some field in the input WordProcessing document. By default is NULL  class attributes are not applied.
type: docs
weight: 60
url: /net/groupdocs.editor.options/wordprocessingeditoptions/inputcontrolsclassname/
---
## WordProcessingEditOptions.InputControlsClassName property

Allows to specify a class name, which will be placed to the 'class' attributes in every HTML element, that represents some field in the input WordProcessing document. By default is NULL - 'class' attributes are not applied.

```csharp
public string InputControlsClassName { get; set; }
```

### Remarks

Almost all formats from WordProcessing format family contain fields — specific document entities, that allow to obtain input data from users. There are a wide variety of fields: text-boxes, checkboxes, combo-boxes, drop down lists, buttons, date/time pickers, etc. All of them are translated into the most appropriate HTML structures and elements, with preserving the entered user data, if they are present in the input document. In specific use-cases it is required only to gather entered data on a client-side instead of editing the entire document content. For such case it is required to identify input controls in some way for fetching them with their data on client-side. This property allows to specify a class name, that will be applied for every input control in HTML markup, so client code will be able to traverse over HTML document structure and gather data.

### See Also

* class [WordProcessingEditOptions](../../wordprocessingeditoptions)
* namespace [GroupDocs.Editor.Options](../../wordprocessingeditoptions)
* assembly [GroupDocs.Editor](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for GroupDocs.Editor.dll -->
