---
title: SlideNumber
second_title: GroupDocs.Editor for .NET API Reference
description: Allows to insert edited slide into existing presentation instead of creating a new singleslide presentation default behavior. Slide number is a 1based number of a slide in the presentation loaded in the Editor class. If it is 0 default value the new presentation will be created with single edited slide. If it is greater or lesser then zero and there is valid presentation loaded in the Editor class the edited slide stored inside input EditableDocument instance will be inserted into this presentation.
type: docs
weight: 50
url: /net/groupdocs.editor.options/presentationsaveoptions/slidenumber/
---
## PresentationSaveOptions.SlideNumber property

Allows to insert edited slide into existing presentation instead of creating a new single-slide presentation (default behavior). Slide number is a 1-based number of a slide in the presentation, loaded in the Editor class. If it is 0 (default value), the new presentation will be created with single edited slide. If it is greater or lesser then zero, and there is valid presentation, loaded in the Editor class, the edited slide, stored inside input EditableDocument instance, will be inserted into this presentation.

```csharp
public int SlideNumber { get; set; }
```

### Remarks

SlideNumber integer property, if it is not in default state (reserved value '0'), represents a slide number, so it starts from 1, not from zero, and its max value is the amount of all existing slides in a presentation. However, if specified value is greater then amount of all slides, GroupDocs.Editor will adjust it to mark the last slide. Negative values are also allowed and count slides from end. For example, "-1" implies last slide in a presentation, "-2" — last but one, etc. Like with positive values, when negative slide number exceeds the total count of slides in the given presentation, it will be adjusted to the first slide. The [`InsertAsNewSlide`](../insertasnewslide) boolean property is tightly coupled with this one.

### Examples

Given presentation has 5 slides: SlideNumber = 0; — ignore given presentation, create a new presentation and put edited slide into it. SlideNumber = 1; — replace the first slide with edited SlideNumber = 2; — replace the second slide with edited SlideNumber = 5; — replace the last (5th) slide with edited SlideNumber = 6; — replace the last (5th) slide with edited, because 6 is greater then 5 and thus is adjusted SlideNumber = -1; — replace the last (5th) slide with edited, because "-1" means "last existing" SlideNumber = -2; — replace the 4th slide with edited SlideNumber = -3; — replace the 3rd slide with edited SlideNumber = -4; — replace the 2nd slide with edited SlideNumber = -5; — replace the first slide with edited SlideNumber = -6; — replace the first slide with edited, because "-6" is greater then 5 and thus is adjusted

### See Also

* class [PresentationSaveOptions](../../presentationsaveoptions)
* namespace [GroupDocs.Editor.Options](../../presentationsaveoptions)
* assembly [GroupDocs.Editor](../../../)

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: generated by xmldocmd for GroupDocs.Editor.dll -->
